This model is a hybrid model applying mainly feature combination and feature augmentations. It combines the features of user and restaurants(Content based features) from business.json file and user.json file, and also collected collaborative filtering methods such as average pearson correlation for each users and average item scores. I attempted using SVD, pLSA, and LDA from the Collaborative Filtering strategy as additional features but the model performance was greatly decreased and was therefore excluded from the code below. Besides, the model also derived features from photos, checkin, and tips.

Besides, it also used meta-level strategy as well. I trained a single model with only content features, and passed it into the main model as a feature, which was able to help me improve a bit. For intermediate model, I used XGBoost Regressor, with more complex hyperparameters. The main model I used is also XGBoost Regressor, and applied very strict regularization. I used 200 in L2 regularization, trained only 70 trees, used 2 as my gamma, and used 0.15 as my learning rate. I also applied feature scaling to assist in training stage.

I did not use switching method and collaborative filtering model for mainly two reasons: they are inferior in performance and they have huge in-sample out-of-sample difference. While I have item-based CF and user-based CF, they exposed huge performance difference in training set and testing set and would cause the model to greatly overfit, and was therefore not included in this method. I also tried switching method, but combining with CF method would only decrease my model performance in any threshold. They are therefore not included in my final model
